"Still I Long For Your Kiss (Alternate Version)","Lucinda Williams","Once, you told me this was your favorite song on <em>Car Wheels</em>. Here's an alternate version you might not have.  It might not rock as hard, but I think you'll still like it."
"Greenville","Lucinda Williams","This song always reminds of that time in Cabot, when we were listening to this and I pointed out how all the different insrtruments come in at different times to shape the song."
"Essence","Lucinda Williams","Remember when we saw Lu in Providence and she sang this? And we were dancing real close? I was so fucking turned on."
"I Envy The Wind","Lucinda Williams","This song is so simple and beautiful. I like how, on each verse, the sound is reminiscent of what she's singing about. Listen for the rhythmic guitar on the verse about the rain, and (my favorite moment) when the pedal steel comes in on the verse about the sun."
"Crescent City","Lucinda Williams","I love this song, and I especially like listening to this cover vs. the Emmylou one below.  The fiddle on Emmylou's is amazing, but I kind of like how Lu's version is darker.  (She sticks to the minor chord changes in the chorus, rather than the major ones in the verse, for the outro.)"
"Crescent City","Emmylou Harris","See above."
"Catch Yer Own Train","The Silver Seas","We'll see these guys in Nashville. But you don't know the backstory. Becky put this on a mixtape for me a few months ago. (It's from the Breaking Bad soundtrack.) The other day, I asked a friend from Nashville for music tips for our trip, and he said 'You gotta check out my brother's band, The Silver Seas. They're playing on Friday. I'll get you on the list.' Why does shit like this happen to me all the time? Seriously, it shakes my faith in science."
"To Know You (Is To Love You)","Anita Suhanin (w/Tyler Wood)","Remember Anita from Toad?  I recorded this track at Quad Sound (the studio in PfoHo) -- she wanted to make it for her grandmother's birthday.  I traded studio time for singing lessons.  "
"You Hit The Nail On The Head","Arthur Adams","What a fucking groove. Love the sound of the nail in the chorus. ('You hit the nail on the head [ding!]') And when the guitar solo comes in."
"Asking for Flowers","Kathleen Edwards","Becky recently turned me on to Kathleen Edwards. (She wants her to be inspiration for our next album, the way that Car Wheels was for the first one.) I think you'd like Kathleen."
"Buffalo","Kathleen Edwards","This one builds so well.  Love the piano.  Nice string arrangment, too."
"Independent Thief","Kathleen Edwards","You know what's sexy?  Songs that are really slow but rock super fucking hard.  (See Essence.)"
"Don't Worry Baby [Mono Single Version]","The Beach Boys","I never listen to lyrics, but once I looked up the lyrics for this one and was totally shocked. It's about a fucking drag race!"
"Way over Yonder in the Minor Key","Billy Bragg with Wilco","Insanely catchy melody."
"Born To Run","Bruce Springsteen","Baby, we were born to run."
"Medicine","Cliff Murphy","I recorded Cliff's album in Quad Sound. I think this is a beautiful song."
"Bay State Lullaby","Cliff Murphy","Another Cliff tune I recorded, featuring the Everybodyfields from Johnson City, TN. A n"
"Ants Marching","Dave Matthews Band","I'm just fucking with you. Although, I will say, my first band covered this, and when I pulled out that fiddle and played that solo, it brought down the fucking house. So I have a soft spot in my heart for it."
"Violinkonzert e-moll. Allegro molto appassionato","Felix Mendolssohn","One day, after yoga, I want you to lie down, put your headphones on, close your eyes, and listen to this. (Sorry about the very end.  Wish I had a better recording.)"
"Look at Miss Ohio","Gillian Welch",""
"I Heard It Through the Grapevine","Glady Knight and the Pips","Do the eyes-closed, headphone-listening thing here, but focus on the bass.  I have listened to this song hundreds of times, and I still discover new nuances in this bass part. Unreal."
"Midnight Train to Georgia","Glady Knight and the Pips","Something to remind you of Georgia."
"Sunday in Savannah","Nina Simone","Another one. Mmm."
"I'm Going Down (mastered)","The Great Unknowns","Live at the 9:30 Club."
"Cold Beer and Remote Control (feat. the Indigo Girls)","The Great Unknowns","Also the 9:30 Club. Can you believe I played there? "
"A bad way","The Great Unknowns (demo)","A tune I'm working on with Becky. I was trying to write a Sam Cooke oldie melody."
"Birmingham (with bass up, straight bridge)","The Great Unknowns (demo)","Inspired by Kathleen Edwards' Buffalo."
"I wish I was the girl I was","The Great Unknowns (demo)","Slammin' chorus."
"It's Your Thing","The Jackson 5","This song reminds me of you, albeit for somewhat dubious reasons..."
"Maybe Tomorrow","The Jackson 5","Another amazing arrangement. "
"You Are What You Love","Jenny Lewis","This song just makes me sigh."
"Ringleader Man","Joan as Policewoman","Fucking sexy.  I suspect you'll agree..."
"Angel From Montgomery (feat. Bonnie Raitt) (live)","John Prine and Bonnie Raitt","Shivers."
"It's The Nighttime","Josh Rouse","A sweet song from the album <em>Nashville</em>."
"Streetlights","Josh Rouse","Also from <em>Nashville</em>."
"Times Have Changed","Irma Thomas","Come on, try it now!"
"Your Precious Love","Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell","Fingersnaps! That guitar! The string arrangement in the bridge! Fuck yeah."
"The End Of Our Road","Marvin Gaye","Goddamn that dude could sing.  Best part is the very end when he's all like, 'Packin' up my clothes, walkin' out the DOOR!' Damn straight, Woman."
"Sick Of Myself","Matthew Sweet","You know I don't listen to lyrics, but for some reason I really connect with the lyrics on this record. This song makes me think of you."
"We're The Same","Matthew Sweet","This one makes me think of you, too. "
"Cissy Strut","The Meters","You know, KD, sometimes all you need is a simple -- but fucking rock solid -- groove."
"In The Aeroplane Over The Sea","Neutral Milk Hotel","This song reaches a place in my heart that no other song reaches."
"Gypsy","Nick and Altay","My first recording, from way back in high school. Right now I'm picturing you listening to this and laughing. I like your laugh. :)"
"Satisfied","Noam Weinstein","Not sure if you ever met Noam... he sang backup on Round Hill. (He was making this album at Quad Sound while we were making the Great Unknowns record.)"
"Changes","Noam Weinstein","Another beautiful Noam tune. The girl singing backup keeps trying to get into my pants."
"I've Got Dreams To Remember","Otis Redding","Can't make a mix for my Macon girl without some Otis! This song builds just brilliantly. The drum beat at the end is so slammin'.  And I love when he says 'ooh wee!' in the bridge."
"Champagne And Wine","Otis Redding","Champagne and Wine, what it's gonna be / Just as long, girl, as you see about me."
"These Arms of Mine","Otis Redding","They long to hold you."
"Happy Song","Otis Redding","I love how, back in the day, you could write a song called 'The Happy Song' about a girl making you happy and people took it seriously.  Simpler times."
"Long Ride Home","Patty Griffin","So heartbreakingly beautiful. The drums and bass don't come in until you're more than halfway into the song."
"Pair of Brown Eyes","The Pogues","Apparently the Po"
"Streams of Whisky","The Pogues"
"Wonderful World","Sam Cooke"
"Bring it on Home to Me","Sam Cooke"
"You Send Me","Sam Cooke"
"Chain Gang","Sam Cooke"
"Aht Uh Mi Hed","Shuggie Otis"
"Strawberry Letter 23","Shuggie Otis"
"If You Want Me to Stay","Sly and the Family Stone"
"Lollipop","Snoop Dogg (feat. Jay-Z, Soopafly & Nate Dogg) "
"Goodbye","Steve Earle"
"Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours","Stevie Wonder"
"My Cherie Amour","Stevie Wonder"
"Yester-Me, Yester-You, Yesterday","Stevie Wonder"
"We Can Work It Out","Stevie Wonder"
"Superstition","Stevie Wonder"
"El Cuarto de Tula","Un Poquito Mas"
"Fruta Fresca","Un Poquito Mas"
